SELF REVIEW
On the whole, we like the design of our codebase. It is organized, functional, and well-documented. However, there are a few things we would have done differently.
First of all, we’re a bit inconsistent with what our different methods and classes pass around - we use lots of different types, both primitive types and reference types, to convey information. It’s not a functionality issue but it makes our code just a bit messy and hard to track mentally. In a similar vein, we use a lot of null values and exception throwing. We don’t throw exceptions for control flow, but the null issue in particular did create some bugs we had to iron out, particularly when adapting the providers’ code.
The other main thing we would change is our process. We did a great job on the first assignment, even though it was our poorest grade of the three. We sat down on the day it was assigned and got out paper and pencils and thought through exactly how we wanted to design everything. We spent multiple work sessions just charting out our design and brainstorming how we wanted to implement everything. We were extremely methodical and it resulted in a (in our opinion) clean and well-designed model. As the next couple of assignments went on, we got a bit less intentional with how we approached our work and jumped into the code more. To some degree, this was natural, as the model required by far the most advance planning design-wise, but we wish that we had been a bit more organized with our process in parts 2 and 3 simply so we could track our changes more easily and be more systematic and efficient.
Lastly, we would add more stuff to make it fun! We had a lot of fun adding images as icons for popup messages, and there are definitely a lot more things we could have incorporated simply to make the game more enjoyable to play (and code).
We did not have to make any updates for our customers.

PROVIDER REVIEW
Our providers were great! They provided their code shortly after we asked. We asked for their phone numbers so we could make a group chat, and we texted them multiple times for clarification. They were responsive to all our messages. We requested one simple change, which they agreed to implement (adding a try/catch block).